Update redaction docs with new release process (#47)
opensafely-core/sysadmin: docs/github_redaction_failure.md

# How to recover from an OpenSAFELY redaction failure

# Files released to job-server

Files released to job-server can be deleted (via the workspace releases page on job-server) by a 

> user with the output-checker role.  The reason for the redaction should be recorded in the 

Reviewer: Nit, role are camel (title?) cased:

```suggestion
user with the OutputChecker role.  The reason for the redaction should be recorded in the 
```
